c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Blog.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Blog.pdb
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Castle.ActiveRecord.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Castle.ActiveRecord.Linq.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Castle.Components.Validator.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Castle.DynamicProxy2.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Model.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\NHibernate.Linq.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\NHibernate.Search.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\NLog.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\System.Data.SQLite.DLL
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Model.pdb
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Castle.ActiveRecord.xml
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\Castle.ActiveRecord.Linq.xml
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\obj\Debug\Blog.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\obj\Debug\Blog.pdb
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Blog\bin\MySql.Web.dll
