c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Castle.ActiveRecord.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Castle.ActiveRecord.Linq.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Castle.Components.Validator.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Castle.DynamicProxy2.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\NHibernate.Linq.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\NHibernate.Search.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.DLL
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Castle.ActiveRecord.xml
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\bin\Debug\Castle.ActiveRecord.Linq.xml
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\obj\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\arnaldo2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Blog\Model\obj\Debug\Model.pdb
